[Autogenerated] scaffolds a lot of fun once you get
used to some of the key command.
So let's take a look at Scaffold in Action.
Now,
The project we're gonna use in this particular
demonstration is one you've already seen.
But here's where you can get to the GitHub.
Repo GitHub dot com slash Dan Wallen Angular dash
jump start So let's jump on in here.
So coming on into the Angular jumpstart project,
this project again has two main components to it.
We have a Node.js server and we have an Angular application.
Now there's two different containers than that need to be run,
which isn't super complex, but it's good for this demonstration.
Plus,
I'm gonna show you some other benefits of scaffold and some tricks
you need to know in cases where maybe your images take a little bit
longer to build than you wanna wait for.
So the first thing is, when you come into the read me,
you'll see I have that here.
There's a section on running with Scaffold and I provide
some information about how to get started.
So, for example, if you already had your kubernetes manifest files,
I showed the dash case which and then I'm also showing how we can reference
the two Docker files that we're gonna need to work with now,
coming on down.
I also show how we can use the dash dash composed file with
the Docker Compose YAML file path along with the artifacts
for the Docker files as well.
This would be used again if you want to convert your Docker Compose
services into Kubernetes manifest files and that uses that composed
tool that we talked about earlier.
So let's go ahead and get started by showing how to
use this and kind of what it does.
So I'm gonna run these exact commands and I already have my Docker Compose file.
You'll see it here as a quick review.
It has an engine x service, and if we scroll on down, it has a node services.
Well,
that's going to serve as the back end API that Angular or
react or whatever it was would call into.
But in this case, it's an Angular application.
So the first thing I'm gonna do is let's go ahead and grab our
scaffold in it and give it a composed file.
Now, I'm gonna add one more switch on here,
which we didn't talk about but you might use it.
Dash href.
And this is the name of these scaffold dot YAML file.
Now you'll notice that already have a scaffold.
IT YAML file in the project.
You'll see it right here.
And we'll look at that coming up, but I'm gonna go ahead and make another one.
Let's just call this one scaffold test .NET XAML and we'll go
ahead and enter this first part of the command.
Now for the second one.
We'll go ahead and input are artifact.
But I'm gonna change this to a more production type
image that has a multi stage build.
And then I'll explain why we're going to also look at
this Dev version of the Docker file.
So let's go ahead and enter that.
And then finally, we have our last one, which is our no Docker file.
That one.
We're gonna leave as is, and we'll go ahead and enter that one.
And now what it will do is actually generate are manifest files for kubernetes.
You can see those over here and then it's gonna say,
All right, Well, do you want this Yamil to become your YAML file scaffold test?
.NET XAML I'll say yes in this case.
Now, I'm probably gonna delete what they generate because I already have these.
We'll go ahead and delete these files, and we'll delete this last one here.
All right.
And now what we're gonna do is let's take a look at the
scaffolding file that generates scaffold test.
So the first thing is notice.
We have an image we're gonna need to build internet Angular jumpstart,
and then those that has a context of dot Docker.
Okay, well, that works, because if we come on up,
you notice that the top I have a docker,
and then I have these Docker files Now, this context,
though, becomes what it watches for source code changes.
So what I'm gonna do is change that to just dot and then up here,
say dot Docker slash to change that one.
I'm gonna do the same thing here that we wanna watch four
files here and then we'll do Docker now,
because this particular project has our Angular code and at
the very bottom here we have a server.
JsRender are Node.js code,
and that's all in the same folder than any code change will trigger the image
to be rebuilt but I'm gonna show you a few tricks here.
That we can do.
So the next thing we're gonna do is now that we have that I'm
gonna change this as well to the actual manifest location and
you're gonna notice up top.
I have a k A s.
Now, rather than typing that,
I'm gonna come into the one already have for you and
just copy in the manifest here.
And what this will do is say, Alright,
instead of going to the files it generated,
go ahead and go to the .NET CSS folder and grab.
Although XAML files Okay, so now that we've seen the scaffolding Nick cmdlet, take a look at a few other commands.